This is the second hands on exercise for
sensor data.
In the first we looked at
static data in a text file.
In this one we'll be looking at
real-time streaming measurements.
First, we will open a terminal window, and
cd into the directory containing
the data and the scripts.
Next we'll connect to
the weather station and
look at the real-time
data as it streams in.
After that, we will look at the key to
remind ourselves what the fields mean.
And finally, we will plot the data
streaming from the weather station.
Let's begin.
First, open a terminal window,
by clicking on the terminal icon.
Top of the toolbar.
[NOISE] Let's run cd
Downloads/big-data-2/sensor.
You can run ls to see
the name of the scripts.
Let's run stream-data.py
to see the real-time data.
This shows us the real-time measurements
coming from the weather station.
By looking at the time stamps,
we can see that each measurement arrives
about one second after the previous one.
Additionally, we can see
that R1 comes fairly often,
whereas other measurements,
such as R2, are not as often.
We can open another terminal and
look at the key to remind ourselves
what these measurements mean.
The key is in wxt-520-format.txt.
We could run more
wxt-520-format.txt to view it.
If we go back to our live data,
we can see that the 19th
measurement here says Ta
was 22.5 degrees Celsius.
And look up here,
see that Ta is the air temperature.
The next measure we can see
that Dn was equal to 255D.
According to our key,
Dn is the wind direction minimum, and
the units are degrees.
We can also plot specific measurements
streaming live from the weather station.
Let's plot the wind speed average.
If we look at our key,
we see that the wind speed average is Sm.
So we can plot this by running
stream-plot-data.py sm.
This plots the data as the weather
station sends it to us.
If we look at the x-axis,
we can see that one measurement
comes in about every second.
We can plot other measurements by
choosing different fields from the key.
For example, we can plot the air pressure
by running stream-plot-data.py Pa.
Since Pa is the air pressure.
First thing we notice is that there's
only one measurement so far in the graph.
This means that the air pressure
measurements are not coming as
fast as the wind measurements.
In fact, we only got one.